Enterprise (#29)
peterpeterparker/daviddalbusco.com: src/blog/the-unbreakable-slides-for-your-corporate-communication.md

> Did you have a look at Bob’s presentation? He used the wrong logo, again.

It's astonishing how much the look and feel of presentations vary, even within the same company. Templates, formatting, color palettes, fonts, logo – you name it, they are never the same across two decks. Presentations are rarely consistent, even when companies invest time and effort in brand identity and design guidelines.

> Today we are thrilled to announce that [DeckDeckGo](https://deckdeckgo.com) is receiving support for templates for our [enterprise](https://deckdeckgo.com/enterprise) customers. Create a template once and all presentations will then use the same.

Reviewer: for [enterprise](https://deckdeckgo.com/enterprise) customers

(I'll remove "our")

But wait, there's more! Below are some other features we are unveiling for enterprise customers.

*****

#### More Than Static Content

Templates are made with the web and have no other limits than the web's own. It means that if your business offers web solutions, you can integrate these within your slides.

*****

#### Collaborate And Shared Library

There is no team without communication. That’s why multiple users can edit the same presentation in real time, and share ideas and comments.

Moreover, collaborators can now upload and use a company's media resources and assets in their slide decks.

*****

#### Always Up-To-Date

Over time your corporate style will evolve. We make the propagation of these changes easier.

*****

#### Custom Domain, In Housing and Share Privately

You can publish your decks under your own domain name. It is also possible to create authenticated links for private content.

> FInally, if you would rather integrate DeckDeckGo in your infrastructure and private network instead of using our SASS platform, we are here to help.

Author: ah, yes indeed!

*****

### And So Much More

> That rounds up the new features for our enterprise customers – but we're also releasing a ton of new things for private users!

Reviewer: That rounds up the new features for our enterprise customers – but we have already released a ton of things for any users!

#### Editing

Syntax-highlighted code, math formulas, charts, Youtube, Unsplash, Tenor, Google fonts. We have integrated the most useful services directly in the editor and are providing many components to render information smoothly.

*****

#### Remote control

Control your presentations remotely, draw on your slides and set a timer from your phone or tablet.

*****

#### Speaker notes

Write notes for your slides. Embed them in your presentation when needed.

*****

#### Open Source

> DeckDeckGo is open source. All the code of our applications and components is available on [Github](http://github.com/deckgo/deckdeckgo).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DeckDeckGo is open source. All of the code from our applications and components is available on [Github](http://github.com/deckgo/deckdeckgo).
```

> We encourage companies to adopt this approach but we do understand if you prefer to keep your corporate templates private.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We encourage companies to adopt this approach, but we do understand if you prefer to keep your corporate templates private.
```

*****

#### Developer Kit

> All public features used by our editor are available as a developer kit. Therefore, if you would rather like to prepare your presentation with HTML or Markdown, go for it with `npm init deckeckgo`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All public features used by our editor are available as a developer kit. Therefore, if you would rather prepare your presentation with HTML or Markdown, go for it by using `npm init deckeckgo`.
```

*****

### Get In Touch

> I hope the above introduction and having given [DeckDeckGo](https://deckdeckgo.com) a try made you curious about our solution for enterprise. Get in touch for a tailored discussion about your needs by sending us an [email](mailto:hello@deckdeckgo.com).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I hope the above introduction (and giving [DeckDeckGo](https://deckdeckgo.com) a try for yourself) made you curious about our solutions for enterprise clients. Get in touch for a tailored discussion about your needs by sending us an [email](mailto:hello@deckdeckgo.com).
```
